Su Suran
What are you doing here? Why aren't you here?
I heard your conversation just now
Tell me what's wrong with you
Nothing but a blood clot in the brain
You listen to the doctor
Are you going to have surgery?
Su Ran, the last time I gave birth
I lost you
Lost silence
I don't want to lose you guys forever
What if the surgery is successful?
I and Silence can't lose you anymore
As long as you are still by our side
Everything still has a chance
You listen to the doctor
Are you going to have surgery?
Ok I have surgery
But the wind is about to return
Yan Ting, why did you bring him here? I'll inform you.
We're getting married. What?
No, I don't agree with you.
What about grandpa?
What face does Guan Yingying have?
Can appear in front of you
What do you mean?
The murderer of Mr. Ji's young master has been found
It's Guan Yingying
And the two kidnappers have already recruited
Also Guan Yingying
It is impossible to instruct them to kill Miss Su
It's vaguely impossible to do such a thing
Are you mistaken?